DAN (VOICEOVER): After the Gundalians hijacked Bakugan
Interspace and forced us out, things
took a turn for the worse in the battle for Neathia.
We decided to join Fabia as she returned home so we
could help with the fight.
Once we got there, we were made members of the Castle Knights.
Now, Earth and Neathia were united in the struggle
to keep Barodius from stealing the Sacred Orb.
Lucky for us we have the most powerful Bakugan, Dragonoid
Colossus, on our side.
Now, Drago.
Bakugan Brawl.
THEME SONG: What are you going to do?
The odds are stacked against you.
Back against the wall.
Gotta give it your all.
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah.
This is the final stand.
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah.
The power's in your hand.
Two worlds collide on the inside.
You got to fight for what's right
before it's gone, gone, gone.
This is Bakugan.
JAKE: Hey, buddy.
Hey, Jake.
Dude, I've been looking all over for you.
Where you been?
Let's go grab some lunch.
I'm making Neathian cheeseburgers.
Uh, sure.
Hm.
I still can't believe I'm actually here.
Neathia's pretty sweet.
Isn't it, bro?
Yeah.
I can't believe I almost helped destroy it.
I can't wait to take Barodius down with you guys.
Yeah, buddy.
[explosion]
Huh?
What is that?
Some kind of explosion.
MARUCHO: Ren!
Jake!
It's the Gundalians.
They're attacking the third shield.
Oh, no!
[energetic music]
DAN: The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in \"Into the Storm.\"
[explosion]
[roars]
[blasting]
[growls]
[explosions]
That's it, Krakix.
Destroy the third shield.
Tear it down to the ground now!
[roars]
What?
[rippling]
That's what I'm talking about.
Oh yeah.
Looks like they're all running away.
Maybe we shouldn't have been so worried.
I don't know.
It's not like Barodius to give up so easily.
They're just regrouping to plan a better strategy.
Definitely.
Are you guys forgetting about our secret weapon?
Yeah.
Dan's right.
The shield has the DNA code that prevents Gundalians
from passing through.
Let's hope they don't figure it out.
Could they?
No way.
Not in a million.
BARODIUS: A DNA barrier?
Yes.
Our analysis of the shield just discovered it.
The Neathians have programmed in another level
of security that prevents anyone bearing
Gundalian DNA from entering.
So that's why your precious Krakix couldn't make so much
as a dent in the third shield.
[grumbles] I didn't see you leading the charge, did I?
And miss the chance to let you make a fool of yourself.
Enough bickering you two.
The solution is obvious if Gundalians can't
pass through the barrier, then it's pointless for us
to keep trying.
Instead, I think we should send an envoy in our place.
Like who?
Of course.
What a brilliant idea, sire.
[thunder]
Oh no.
This is not good, guys.
What's wrong?
It's a geomagnetic storm.
They often drift in this time of year.
Usually it's not a big deal, but--
The storms will disrupt our radar,
which means that we'll be completely
blind to any attacks.
No.
We'll go old school.
DAN: We'll send out the Castle Knights on extra patrols
to keep an eye out.
The Brawlers will help too.
And if anyone sees anything, we'll sound
the alarm using our BakuMeters.
[thunder]
Whoa.
This lightning is intense.
No kidding.
Gnarly.
Think they'll let me keep these things?
Whoa.
What is it, Jake?
I'm not sure.
It's a kid.
What?
JAKE: He's walking this way.
DAN: Are you sure?
COREDEM: Where would he be coming from?
JAKE: I don't know, dude.
But it must be far, because he looks beat.
[panting]
Dude.
He's from Earth.
I recognize him from Bakugan Interspace.
Can you guys help me?
I-- I want to go home.
It's OK.
You're safe now, pal.
They-- they took us to Gundalia.
[sobs]
How did you get here?
Did you escape?
Yes.
Nice one, little buddy.
What's your name, little kid?
Robin.
Hey, Robin.
I'm Jake, and this is my good buddy Dan Kuso.
Jake, we've got to get him out of this storm.
Right.
Let's go.
Come on, dude.
[thunder]
ROBIN: Wait.
Huh?
My little sister's still back there.
I can't just leave her.
She's only a kid.
She'll never survive without me.
We have to go back and get her.
Please, you guys.
Don't just stand there.
You guys are the Brawlers, right?
You're supposed to help people.
So why don't you guys help me?
Robin.
Do you know what? Forget it.
I'll go myself.
Oh.
Hey, wait a sec.
I'll be back as soon as I get my sister.
Wait for us.
Robin!
Hold on a sec, Jake.
Why'd you stop me?
We're going to lose him.
We can't just go charging off into the storm.
We're supposed to be on patrol watching for Gundalian ships
that might attack.
How can you worry about that when
Robin's out there by himself?
Sorry.
But if the Gundalians get the jump on us,
we'll lose more than just Robin.
That doesn't sound like you.
What's up?
The storm got you spooked or something?
[groans] That's not it, dude.
Oh yeah?
Then why don't you explain it to me then?
I told you.
We got to look at the big picture.
OK?
Blah, blah, whatever.
I'm serious.
So am I. Robin totally needs our help.
- And he'll get it. - Yeah?
When?
Real soon.
Right.
Enough, you two.
Yeah, calm down.
BOTH: Hmph.
Go on.
Fine.
Maybe I will.
I'm not scared.
Leave then, tough guy.
[groans]
Jake, wait up.
Not cool, Dan.
Whateves.
I'm not his babysitter.
[lightning crackling]
Excellent job, Robin.
Yes, mistress.
[laughs]
LUMAGROWL: Mistress Kazarina, I think
you should have a look at this.
Robin!
[chuckles] Well, that was quicker than I had thought.
It's time to meet the fly who's wandered into our web.
Hello!
Robin!
You there?
Uh.
I can't believe Dan the Man let him run back out into this.
Can you, Coredem?
Don't worry.
You and I will find him.
Partners till the end.
Right, dude?
Robin!
It's Jake.
Where are you, dude?
Robin!
Hello?
Huh?
[gasps]
Oh.
Ha ha.
Thanks for taking the bait, Jake.
Kazarina.
I'm surprised you had the guts to come
without your master, Dan Kuso.
Whatever.
I've come to get the kids back.
Got it?
Is that right?
You and what army?
No army.
Just me.
We can't let Robin down, Coredem.
Woo!
KAZARINA: Our plan is working perfectly, Lumagrowl.
He what?
He just ran off by himself?
Straight into that geomagnetic storm?
That sounds really bad.
And you just stood by and let him go?
Why didn't you stop him?
I tried, but he wouldn't listen.
He's a big boy.
I'm really worried.
What if something happens to him?
Something like what?
Well, it could be a trap.
Huh?
I never thought of that.
Whatever the case, we have to find him immediately.
Hurry up. - Yes.
Right now.
Dan, are you coming with us?
Uh, well, I guess.
Gate Card, set.
Bakugan Brawl.
Bakugan, stand.
Let's thrash these weasels and get the kids back, Coredem.
[laughs] Silly little boys.
Bakugan Brawl.
Bakugan, stand.
Rise Haos Lumagrowl.
[roars]
Rip them to pieces.
Oh, man.
That's really bright.
[grunts]
[snarling]
Whoa.
Coredem!
[growls]
We're going to send you to the pound, you lousy mutt.
We'll see about that, big boy.
Ha.
Ability, activate.
Spiral blade.
Watch out, Coredem.
[grunting]
He's too fast.
OK.
Ability, activate Armored Exia.
That's better.
What?
[growls]
My swords.
[laughs] Hilarious.
They're about as useless as two wet noodles.
Don't get cocky with me, boy.
Relax, Lumagrowl.
We'll take these fools down yet.
Ability, activate.
Arcadia Sword.
Whoa.
This is going to hurt.
[blasting]
[shouting]
Coredem!
[grunts]
JAKE: But your armor.
I just rendered useless with my Arcadia Sword.
Here's where the real fun begins.
Ability, activate.
Blade Fantasma.
[groaning]
[grunts]
Coredem!
I'm OK.
[grunts]
That's it, buddy.
COMPUTER: Ready Rock Hammer.
Battle Gear Boost.
We can do this, Coredem.
Yeah!
Here we go.
Gate Card, open.
Gaia Enforcement.
What?
I can't move.
What's happening?
That's the feeling of you losing, you mangy mutt.
[chuckles] Nice one.
We're not finished yet.
Not even close.
Neither are we.
Battle Gear Ability, activate.
Rock Hammer Battle Element.
Hit him hard, Coredem.
I'm going to enjoy this.
Smile, doggy.
Ha!
[grunts]
Uh-oh.
[explosion]
Big deal.
Ability, activate.
Time Warp.
Huh?
What the--
[suspenseful music]
[thud]
Jake, where are you?
Jake!
I think Dan is really starting to feel
guilty about letting Jake go out into the storm on his own.
And so he should.
No kidding.
Jake!
Where are you ?
Come back!
Uh, what the heck just happened?
Ha!
Let's just say I hit the rewind button on the battle.
Battle Gear Boost.
[growls]
Ha!
Battle Gear Ability, activate.
Barias Gear Lightning.
Dude!
Why so surprised, Jake?
Did you really think you could take us down?
[blast]
Uh, a little help, Jake.
Coredem!
[groans]
Gate Card, set.
Bakugan Brawl.
Bakugan, stand.
Destroy them, Lumagrowl.
This is for Robin and all the other kids
you took from Interspace.
Bakugan Brawl.
Bakugan, stand.
Time to finish this, Coredem.
Make this one count.
Ability, activate.
Rippling Stream.
[growling]
Get back here.
Stay still, you rotten mutt.
Ability, activate.
Phantom Blow.
Ha!
[whimpers]
That's it.
Roll over like a good little doggy and stay put.
You've got nerve, thinking you can order me around.
Ability, activate.
Blade Fantasma.
Ooh.
It tingles.
That's nice.
You're not going to fool us with that lame trick again.
Ability, activate.
Dimension Vortex.
What?
JAKE: You like that?
Try this.
Ability, activate.
Cross Arrow.
[groans]
[yelps]
Enough playing around.
Kazarina, let's end this.
Ha.
Battle Gear Boost.
[roars]
That's the business.
Battle Gear Ability, activate.
Rock Hammer Beo-Blaster.
Last chance to say uncle.
Never, punk.
Gate Card, open.
Zeno Weakness.
Huh?
Wha-- what's happening?
[groaning]
Coredem!
[cackles]
Ugh.
Buddy.
Ha ha.
And just like that I've decreased his power level
and nullified your ability.
Ah, snap.
That's right.
Barias Gear Thunderbolt, activate.
[groaning]
[barking]
Ugh.
Can't keep it up much longer.
[groans]
[grunts]
Yes.
Show them no mercy, Lumagrowl.
[growls]
Oh, I really hate these things.
Ugh. Ugh.
Ugh.
Ah.
Ooh.
Hold on, Coredem.
We can't lose this one.
Stay strong.
I can't let the kid down!
Nice one!
Huh?
[growls] You done?
Face it.
You are outmatched.
You nasty witch.
Who do you think you are, taking innocent kids
and forcing them to fight your battles for you?
Hm.
Relax, Jake.
They're all back on Earth.
What?
KAZARINA: Safe and sound.
[laughs]
[moans] Hey, what just happened?
Anyone remember?
No.
KAZARINA: The younger ones have outgrown their usefulness
as battlers, so I'll use them to draw in the bigger,
stronger fish, like you.
Ha.
You mean this whole thing was a trap, and Robin was in on it
too?
Don't feel too betrayed, Jake.
[chuckles] Robin had no more say in his role
than a worm who's placed on a fisherman's hook.
[cackles] No more talking.
Finish them, Lumagrowl.
You're going to regret calling me a mutt.
I promise you.
Speak up, mutt.
I can't hear you.
[growls]
Ugh. Ugh.
Oh.
[groans]
We-- we lost.
[groans] Sorry, buddy.
[laughs]
[sobs]
Hey, Jake.
Are you OK?
Sorry.
For what?
I should have listened to you.
Sorry.
Jake.
Wake up.
[chuckles] Time for us to leave now.
Bye, bye, Jake.
Jake!
Don't touch him.
You'll be pulled along with him.
ALL: Huh?
KAZARINA: [cackling]
Jake!
No!
DAN (VOICEOVER): After I let Jake wander off on his own,
he got ambushed by Kazarina and dragged to Gundalia.
It was all my fault, so it was up to me to get him back.
I didn't care about the risk, but just as I was about to go,
Jake showed up again on Neathia.
I guess he managed to escape somehow.
But now that he was back, he seemed more
anxious to battle than ever.
Luckily, we talked him into getting
some much needed rest first.
It may sound strange, but something seemed
a little different about Jake.
You should tune in to see what I'm talking about.
There, that's what I'm talking about.
Take a look at him.
Tell me he's not acting weird, right?
[theme music]